#intro

Intranets have evolved. 
Have you?

Do you find keeping your workforce connected, productive & engaged difficult?

Oak Engage gives you an all-in-one solution that blends modern intranet practicality with the unique functionalities of an employee engagement app, empowering your people to be the best that they can be.

Learn More >


#free ebook

Find out how Oak Engage is a positive financial decision for any business.

Download your free e-book >


#partners

Brands worldwide trust us to provide innovative workplace solutions

Hundreds of thousands of employees use Oak everyday to connect with colleagues, collaborate on projects and access important company information.

#messenger

Messenger

Communicate with colleagues instantly
Having trouble reaching your employees? Use Messenger to connect your deskless workforce, wherever they are, on any device.

See how Oak Messenger can help you ›

#Hubs

Hubs

Create dedicated areas for working on projects
Struggling to find a space to collaborate securely? Timeline and Hubs allow you to work together and share important information between departments or locations.

Learn how to collaborate more efficiently ›


#survey

Pulse Surveys & Forms

Gather actionable data from your people
Having difficulty gathering insightful employee data? Pulse Surveys can help you gauge valuable opinions, measure employee satisfaction and monitor engagement.

Learn how to use data to your advantage ›


#recoginision

Employee Recognition

Motivate & engage your people
Worried your employees don’t feel valued? Recognise their hard work and celebrate special occasions within your organisation. Send a 'thanks', congratulate someone on their work anniversary or wish them a happy birthday.

Learn how to improve employee recognition ›



#Extranets

Extranets

Collaborate & communicate with external parties
Need to work with partners & suppliers in a secure environment? Oak’s dedicated extranet feature allows you to work with partners and suppliers in a more efficient and secure environment, completely controlled by you.

Learn how to work with external parties ›


See what our customers have to say about us

“Just about every single restaurant said that Oak Engage was such a lifeline to them and reassured them that the business was going to survive and that they were going to be kept safe.”

Recognised as the fastest-growing burger restaurant in the world, Five Guys, partnered with Oak to meet the engagement needs of their workforce throughout the UK, France, Germany and Spain.

Read the full Five Guys customer story ›



#testimonies

#one
“Content can be created in minutes, compared to what was hours on our old system. It also looks modern and works great across all devices.”

Anna Gray, Head of Marketing & Communications


#two

“The best thing about Oak is how intuitive it is. Within a few hours the team was up to speed with how to publish new articles and rearrange homepages.”  

Ben Cook, Project Manager

$three

“Oak is almost addictive. It feels like a window into our restaurants. We’re celebrating promotions, we’re celebrating new hires to the business and that gives us confidence.”

Chris Raaff, Head of Recruitment & Internal Communication


#Blog

Take a look at our latest blog posts

#one

Content Ideas | How To Create The Best Company Intranet

22 April 2021

A well designed intranet with good content is key for your company’s success. Read our latest blog to discover our top 7 intranet ideas on how to create the best content for your digital workplace.

#two

Why Your Company Needs a Document Management Platform

19 April 2021

The concept of a paperless office is becoming an every day reality, so document management platforms are becoming increasingly important now more than ever. Read our blog to discover how to manage your documents effectively.

#three

Make Your Remote Performance Appraisal a Success

13 April 2021

It's no secret that performance appraisals come with feelings of stress and anxiety, but the added pressure of having one remotely can feel extremely challenging for an employee. Take a look at our blog for the 5 tips you need when preparing for your remote performance appraisal.


#seemore

Want to see more?

Get a demo with one of our employee engagement experts and see how Oak could work for you

Arrange a demo ›


#footer

Product
Corporate & Enterprise
Oak Quick Connect

Services
Employee Onboarding & Support

Customer
Pricing


Oak Engage
Careers
About Us
FAQs
Contact

Existing Customers
Oak Support 
Oak Status Update

#base
 Oak Engage 2021. All rights reserved.
View our website privacy policy here and our application privacy policy here.

